#This is the Dissertation for Uni of South Wales Student No. 14040859.

The aim of this project is to take an Isometric 3D version of the game Penguin Towers (A Multiplayer game inspired by Morloc Tower from the 1970s),
and expand the touch screen interface so that it can be considered playable on a Tablet Device.

I'll be using this README File to outline all current and future goals to showcase my progress in this project.
It'll be updated with new goals, as well as showcasing what has been completed. Watch this Space

30/01/2019:-

Layout wise, the current program has orientation in the bottom right
Movement forward using a 9 digit numpad in the bottom left.
Top Right has the "Power" Button,
Top Left has other functions like mouse/tablet mode, signal strength etc.

The image "RoughDesign.jpg" showcases a rough design for the layout (Wrote on the whiteboard in J106) for the UI.
The design is movement in the bottom left, items in the middle, actions such as chest opening or attacks (which switches around),
power remaining in the top right, and space for anything else in the top right.

The left and Right buttons SHOULD now rotate around when constantly pressed, but however sticks at 90 and 270 degrees. Needs fixing somehow,
but not entirely sure how to.

20/02/2019:-

Figured out WHY when clicking a button the action repeats a few times. 
Apparently holding down the mouse key and moving the mouse around can cause a VERY large amount of actions to happen back to back as long as the mouse key is being held. This WILL need the select function in touchgui (the one with the forms and quit parameters) to be modified so that it ONLY ever does that once per click.

25/02/2019 :-

Jumped the gun. Turns out it might just simply be the select function in the classes for image and text tiles. Still need to modify to only allow one action per click. Whoops.

03/03/2019 :-
For those who wish to see the report side of things, im writing it inside of Google Docs for now, then at some point I will be moving it all over into LaTeX once I feel it's done.
https://docs.google.com/document/d/15KZK8NLfd8X7npq6hsAMOgEWQhGDxkzlNrG3smWA-kQ/edit?usp=sharing
This is the link to that document. Should note that it's set up ONLY to be viewed. You can't comment or edit it whatsoever.

09/03/2019 :-
Button fix implemented! 
With the fix implemented, my implementation for my project SHOULD now be completed. My priority is finishing the write up. Most of the google Doc above
has been merged into Overleaf, so it looks much more presentable.

Please see doc/penguin-tower.info, doc/ptower.texi, doc/ptower.html or
doc/ptower.pdf for details about this package.
